.. _whatsnew_0220:

v0.2.2 (March 23, 2020)
---------------------------------------------------

* `WntrMultiDiGraph` class has been removed and WNTR now uses the NetworkX `MultiDiGraph` class directly.  
  Methods associated with WntrMultiDiGraph have been relocated (API change).

  * :class:`~wntr.network.model.WaterNetworkModel.get_graph` now returns a NetworkX MultiDiGraph.  
    That method can also be used to return a weighted graph. 
    The method `weighted_graph` has been removed.
  * Topographic metrics that were part of the WntrMultiDiGraph class are now located in the 
    :class:`~wntr.metrics.topographic` module.  

* Added :class:`~wntr.metrics.topographic.valve_segments` method to groups links and nodes into 
  segments based on the location of isolation valves.
* Added :class:`~wntr.network.layer.generate_valve_layer` method to generate valve layers 
  based on random or strategic placement.
* Updated :class:`~wntr.graphics.curve.plot_pump_curve` to include the pump curve based on
  head curve coefficients, the optional input argument add_polyfit was removed (API change).
  Bug fix in x and y labels.
* Updated :class:`~wntr.graphics.curve.plot_fragility_curve` and :class:`~wntr.graphics.curve.plot_pump_curve` 
  to use an existing matplotlib axes and return a matplotlib axes so users can customize the graphics.  
  The optional input argument figsize was removed (API change).
* Added optional input arguments to :class:`~wntr.graphics.network.plot_network` to add labels to node and link colorbars.
* Added optional input argument for detection limit to :class:`~wntr.metrics.water_security.mass_contaminant_consumed` calculation. 
  The default detection limit for mass consumed, volume consumed, and extent of contamination is 0.
* Efficiency updates for skeletonize and other network morphology functions. 
  The functions can now make changes to the original water network model or a 
  deepcopy of the model.
* Added NotImplementedErrors for PBV and GPV valves, when using the WNTRSimualtor
* Updated methods to be compatible with NetworkX 2.4 and Pandas 1.0
* Added required dependencies to setup.py.  Required and optional dependencies  
  are included in requirements.txt
* Dropped testing for Python 3.5 (matplotlib requires Python >= 3.6)
* Updated documentation
  