.. _whatsnew_0210:

v0.2.1 (Aug 13, 2019)
---------------------------------------------------

* Added a c++ extension module for algebraic modeling to facilitate model development and maintenance. This module

  * makes modeling relatively easy but still enables efficient constraint and jacobian evaluations.
  * reduces the burden of code maintenance. 
  * makes the WNTRSimulator more flexible.

* Support was added in the WNTRSimulator for

  * PSV valves
  * Global demand multipliers

* Dropped support and testing for Python 2
* Updated tests (primarily added new tests for the new c++ extension module for algebraic modeling)
* Updated documentation for the new algebraic modeling module
* Updated the controls for valves to improve the robustness of the WNTRSimulator. These changes ensure that, for example, when all of the downstream links of a PSV are closed, the PSV gets opened or closed appropriately.
* Added a c++ extension module for efficiently detecting portions of the network that are isolated from tanks and reservoirs.
* Added Appveyor testing
* Added conda-forge distribution mechanism
* Added some diagnostics features for debugging. This is primarily a utility for developers.
* Improved the flexibility of controls by adding a ControlManager object. This object tracks changes and ensures that the hydraulic model gets updated appropriately.
* Fixed a bug in the start_node and end_node properties for links
* Fixed a bug in the controls for PRVs
* Flushed out missing WaterNetworkModel methods (e.g., prv_name_list)
