.. _whatsnew_0330:

v0.3.0 (November 2, 2020)
---------------------------------------------------

* Added EPANET 2.2.0 as the default engine in the EpanetSimulator.

  * When creating a WaterNetworkModel, ``wn``, from an EPANET INP file, the DEMAND MODEL, MINIMUM PRESSURE, and REQUIRED PRESSURE
    along with other options are used to populate the WaterNetworkModel.  These options are stored in ``wn.options``.  
    These options are also used when writing an INP file.  INP files created using EPANET 2.00.12 are compatible with this update.

  * The option to run demand-driven and pressure dependent demand analysis is stored in ``wn.options.hydraulic.demand_model``. 
    If no demand model is specified, demand-driven analysis is used. Note, demand-driven analysis can be specified as DD or DDA and 
    pressure dependent demand analysis can be specified as PDA or PDD to maintain compatibility with EPANET 2.2.0::
	
		wn.options.hydraulic.demand_model = 'DD' # specify demand-driven analysis 
		wn.options.hydraulic.demand_model = 'PDD' # specify pressure dependent demand analysis
 
  * The EPANET 2.2.0 binaries for Mac and PC come from the Open Water Analytics EPANET 2.2.0 repository (https://github.com/OpenWaterAnalytics/EPANET).
    The Linux binary was built on Ubuntu and comes from the OWA group using the same source as the Windows and Mac binaries.
	
  * The user can switch between EPANET version 2.00.12 and 2.2.0 as shown below:: 
    
		sim = wntr.sim.EpanetSimulator(wn)
		results1 = sim.run_sim(version=2.0) # results using EPANET 2.00.12
		results2 = sim.run_sim(version=2.2) # results using EPANET 2.2.0
	
  * EPANET 2.00.12 only runs demand-driven analysis

* Certain WaterNetworkModel option names have been updated to better align with EPANET nomenclature (API change).  Key changes are noted below:
  
  * Hydraulics options that were in ``wn.options.solver`` are now in ``wn.options.hydraulic``
  * Reaction options that were in ``wn.options.quality`` now stored in ``wn.options.reactions``
  * ``wn.options.quality.mode`` is now ``wn.options.quality.quality.parameter``    
  * ``wn.options.hydraulic.units`` has been updated to ``wn.options.hydraulic.inpfile_units`` to make it clear that these units are only used when writing an INP file

* The following changes were made to handle new options in EPANET 2.2.0 INP files.  

  * If the WaterNetworkModel is created from a EPANET 2.2.0 INP file, the global hydraulic options for required and minimum pressure are 
    defined from the REQUIRED PRESSURE and MINIMUM PRESSURE in the INP file.  The default values used in EPANET are shown below::
	     
		wn.options.hydraulic.required_pressure = 0.07 # 0.1 psi = 0.07 m
		wn.options.hydraulic.minimum_pressure = 0

  * Junction attributes ``required_pressure`` and ``minimum_pressure`` are set to None by default and the global hydraulic options are used in the WNTRSimulator.  
    If the user defines required pressure or minimum pressure on a junction, that value will override the global value when using the WNTRSimulator.  
    Note that junction attribute ``nominal_pressure`` was changed to ``required_pressure`` to better align with EPANET nomenclature (API change).  
	
  * Tanks attributes include an indicator for tank overflow.  This can be used in the EpanetSimulator using EPANET 2.2.
  
  * The keyword argument `mode` has been removed from the WNTRSimulator.  DD and PDD are now defined using ``wn.options.hydraulic.demand_model`` (as shown above) 
    to make use of the new EPANET 2.2.0 options (API change).
    If the WaterNetworkModel is created from a EPANET 2.2.0 INP file, this option is defined from the DEMAND MODEL in the INP file.

  * The WNTRSimulator uses the exponent defined in ``wn.options.hydraulic.pressure_exponent`` to model the PDA pressure-demand relationship.  
    The exponent had been set to 0.5 before, and could not be modified through options.
    If the WaterNetworkModel is created from a EPANET 2.2.0 INP file, this option is defined from the PRESSURE EXPONENT in the INP file.
  
* While the WaterNetworkModel can store spatially variable minimum and required pressure that are used in the WNTRSimulator, 
  those values cannot be saved when writing an INP file, rather the minimum and required pressure values in the options are saved.
  This impacts the ability to use those junction attributes in the EpanetSimulator.  
  This note has been added to the :ref:`discrepancies` section of the user manual.
	
* Added support for multi-point pump curves in the WNTRSimulator.  The points are fit to the same
  function that is used for 3-point curves.
* Added support for tank volume curves in the WNTRSimulator.  
  Tank volume curves are also now used in :class:`~wntr.metrics.economic.annual_network_cost`.
  Tank curves can also be visualized using the function :class:`~wntr.graphics.curve.plot_tank_volume_curve`.
* Added method to get tank volume at a given level :class:`~wntr.network.elements.Tank.get_volume`.
* Added Travis CI tests for Python 3.8
* Updated tests
* Updated documentation
