.. _whatsnew_040:

v0.4.0 (August 26, 2021)
---------------------------------------------------

* Changed the following network component attributes:
  
  * Pipe ``check_valve_flag`` and ``cv`` attributes were merged and renamed ``check_valve``
  * Pipe, Valve, and Pump ``status`` now refers to the current simulation status and is read-only, the user can set the initial status using ``initial_status``
  * Valve ``setting`` now refers to the current simulation setting and is read-only, the user can set the initial setting using ``initial_setting``

* Added slots to water network model options, ``wn.options``, to define available option names.
  This update helps eliminate the use of incorrect or deprecated options.
  The user can still create custom options under ``wn.options.user``. 

* Added a ``FunctionCondition`` which calls a function to determine if a control needs activated or not. 
  If the function returns True, then the control is activated.  
  This class is used internally to check if valves are connected to an upstream or downstream source (reservoir or tank).
  The class can also be used directly to define custom controls. 
    
* Added the ability to use pattern interpolation when running the WNTRSimulator (``wn.options.time.pattern_interpolation``)  
  Interpolation with a shorter hydraulic timestep can make problems with large changes in patterns (e.g., large changes in demand) easier to solve.
  By default, the same step-like behavior from EPANET is used.
   
* Removed custom handlers from the EPANET bin filer reader.  

* Added a metric to compute pump energy

* Added type checking for input into `wn.add_*` methods.

* Updated the WNTRSimulator link results to include ``setting``.

* Updated the WNTRSimulator to use ``wn.options.time.start_clocktime``.

* Updated Net 1, Net 2, and Net 3 network model files to match EPANET versions.  
  The network files were updated to include a tank overflow entry and 3 digit coordinates.
  Hydraulic, water quality, and reporting timestep were also updated in Net 3.
  
* Bug fix in io to differentiate between PRESSURE EXPONENT and PRESSURE hydraulic options.
  
* Bug fix to enforce EPANET lower limit for required pressure (0.1 in psi or m).  
  If the user sets a lower limit below 0.1 m, the value of 0.1 m is used in the INP file and a warning is issued.
  Note, the lower limit is also the default value in EPANET (and therefore the default for ``wn.options.hydraulic.required_pressure``).

* Updated documentation example that creates a weighted graph.

* Updated all tests to use unittest. Removed Travis CI testing framework, all tests are run through GitHub Actions.
