.. _whatsnew_041:

v0.4.1 (March 2, 2022)
---------------------------------------------------

* Added a function to compute the modified resilience index, ``wntr.metrics.modified_resilience_index``.  
  The modified resilience index is a measure of total surplus power. The metric can be computed 
  as a timeseries for each junction or as a system average timeseries. 
  `#226 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/226>`_
  
* Added a function to compute tank capacity, ``wntr.metrics.tank_capacity``.  
  Tank capacity is the ratio of water volume to the maximum 
  water volume for each tank and is reported as a timeseries. 
  `#226 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/226>`_

* Added functionality to convert the water network model to a dictionary or JSON formatted file and 
  create a water network model from a dictionary or JSON formatted file. 
  The new functionality is located in ``wntr.network.io`` and includes ``to_dict``, ``from_dict``, 
  ``write_json`` and ``read_json``.  These can also be called using methods on the WaterNetworkModel object. 
  `#233 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/232>`_
  
* Updated the WNTRSimulator to use ``wn.options.time.pattern_start``. 
  `#225 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/225>`_

* Added the ability to set the random seed when sampling damage states from fragility curves.
  `#246 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/246>`_

* Added methods to update parameters used to define rules and controls.
  `#241 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/241>`_

* Updated ``wntr.morph.split_pipe`` and ``wntr.morph.break_pipe`` to include pipe vertices.
  `#248 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/248>`_

* Updated the EpanetSimulator to be thread safe (only available for EPANET version 2.2). 
  `#236 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/236>`_

* Updated rules parsing mechanism for the EPANET INP files.
  `#228 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/228>`_

* Added an assert statement to ensure that the hydraulic, quality, pattern and rule timesteps 
  are an integer and are not less than 1 second.
  `#229 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/229>`_

* Added the Jupyter Notebook demos into the testing framework.
  `#237 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/237>`_
  
* Fixed assert statement in add_tank to check for bool, str, or int 
  `#251 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/251>`_
  
* Corrected text in the time series string representation.
  `#238 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/238>`_
  
* Removed private attribute on pumps associated with power outage controls which is no longer needed.
  `#225 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/225>`_
  