v0.5.0 (November 17, 2022)
---------------------------------------------------
* Added GIS capabilities in a `wntr.gis` module, which includes the following 
  `#302 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/302>`_,
  `#315 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/315>`_:

  * Convert between water network models and GIS formatted data (GeoPandas GeoDataFrames) 
    and GIS formatted files (GeoJSON and Shapefiles)
  
  * Snap GeoPandas point data to elements in a water network model
  
  * Find the intersection between GeoPandas points, line or polygons and 
    elements in a water network model
  
  * Set and convert GeoDataFrame coordinate reference systems
	
  * See :ref:`geospatial` section of the user manual for more information.

* Removed the `read_inpfile`, `write_inpfile`, `read_json`, and `write_json` methods from the WaterNetworkModel.  
  This functionality is still available using `wntr.network.read_inpfile`, `wntr.network.write_inpfile`, 
  `wntr.network.read_json` and `wntr.network.write_json`
  and is located with other read/write functions `#302 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/302>`_.
 
* WaterNetworkModel method `get_graph` renamed `to_graph`.  Deprecation warning added.

* Added additional options to the EPANET toolkit, including the ability to set size limits and hydraulic initialization.  
  Added additional functions, including ENgetnodeid, ENgetnodetype, and ENgetlinktype.
  `#298 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/298>`_
  
* Added support for Python 3.10, dropped support for Python 3.6.
  The build workflow now creates wheel artifacts.  
  `#287 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/287>`_, 
  `#294 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/294>`_

* The `_evaluator` and `_network_isolation` binaries are no longer 
  distributed with the code.  The setup.py file now includes an optional argument to build the binaries.
  Developer installation instructions have been updated.
  `#294 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/294>`_,
  `#305 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/305>`_, 
  `#311 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/311>`_, 
  `#313 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/313>`_, 
  `#314 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/314>`_
  
* Bug fix in pump cost metric `#306 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/306>`_

* Bug fix in rules when link is active `#301 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/301>`_

* Updated documentation `#291 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/291>`_, 
  `#292 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/292>`_
 