v1.0.0 (March 30, 2023)
---------------------------------------------------
WNTR version 1.0.0 has undergone extensive testing 
with a wide range of water distribution system models
and analysis options. The software has also successfully been
used by external research groups and in analysis that uses large-scale 
water distribution system models. See 
`User community <https://usepa.github.io/WNTR/users.html>`_ 
for a list of publications and software that uses WNTR.

* Updated copyright and added EPANET license
  `#336 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/336>`_.
  
* Updated the setup process and documentation
  `#335 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/335>`_.
	
* Bug fix to allow for np.float and np.int in type checking 
  `#334 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/334>`_.
  
* Added vertices coordinate transformation functions in :class:`wntr.morph.node` 
  `#332 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/332>`_.
 
* Updated the :class:`~wntr.gis.geospatial.intersect` function, results are now sorted 
  to ensure reproducible tests. Minor updates to documentation 
  and to address deprecation warnings. 
  `#328 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/328>`_.
  
* Bug fix in :class:`~wntr.gis.geospatial.snap` function, previous results could 
  include false positives
  `#327 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/327>`_.

* Efficiency improvements to :class:`~wntr.metrics.topographic.valve_segments` function. 
  The function now makes use of NetworkX connected components.
  `#318 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/318>`_.
 
* Updated environment variable for CIBW_ENVIRONMENT to build extensions. 
  `#316 <https://github.com/USEPA/WNTR/pull/316>`_.



  

 